# Matplotlib-Challenge

# Background
In this assignment, you’ll apply what you've learned about Matplotlib to a real-world situation and dataset.
As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.

The executive team has tasked you with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study. They have also asked you for a top-level summary of the study results.


## Instructions
This assignment is broken down into the following tasks:

* Prepare the data.

* Generate summary statistics.

* Create bar charts and pie charts.

* Calculate quartiles, find outliers, and create a box plot.

* Create a line plot and a scatter plot.

* Calculate correlation and regression.

* Submit your final analysis.

## Submission
 * Create a new repository for this project called matplotlib-challenge. 
 * Clone the new repository to your computer.
 * Inside your local Git repository, create a folder for this homework assignment and name it Pymaceuticals.
 * Add your Jupyter notebook to this folder. This will be the main script to run for analysis
 * Push these changes to GitHub or GitLab.

## Authors
Vivek Sarraf

## Acknowledgments
© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

## References

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC and is intended for educational purposes only.




